Change title abstract (#57)
anima-wg/constrained-join-proxy: draft-ietf-anima-constrained-join-proxy.md

---
v: 3

> title: Join Proxy for Bootstrapping of Constrained Network ElementsBootstrapping Protocols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Join Proxy for Bootstrapping of Constrained Network Elements
```

  RFC8610:

--- abstract
This document extends the work of Bootstrapping Remote Secure Key Infrastructures (BRSKI) by replacing the TCP Circuit-proxy between Pledge and Registrar by a stateless or stateful CoAP Join
Proxy.
The CoAP Join Proxy is a mesh neighbor of the Pledge and can relay a DTLS session originating from a Pledge with only link-local addresses to a Registrar which is not a mesh neighbor of the Pledge.

> This document defines a allows for a constrained Pledge to securely communicate via a constrained Join Proxy with a Registrar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document defines a solution for a constrained Pledge to securely communicate with a Registrar via a discovered CoAP Join Proxy.
```

Reviewer: If we call it "CoAP Join Proxy" first, then it's good to keep this same name for the JP to avoid confusion.

parameters from the Registrar. When the Registrar is not a direct
neighbor of the Registrar but several hops away, the Pledge
discovers a neighbor constrained Join Proxy, which transmits the DTLS
protected request coming from the Pledge to the Registrar.

> The constrained Join Proxy must be enrolled previously such that the message from constrained Join Proxy to Registrar can be routed over one or more hops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constrained Join Proxy must have been enrolled previously into the network, such that the message from the constrained Join Proxy to the Registrar can be routed over one or more hops.
```

During enrollment, a DTLS connection is required between Pledge and Registrar.

An enrolled Pledge can act as constrained Join Proxy between other Pledges and the enrolling Registrar.

This document specifies a new form of constrained Join Proxy and protocol to act as intermediary between Pledge and Registrar to relay DTLS messages between Pledge and Registrar.
Two modes of the constrained Join Proxy are specified:

>     1 A stateful Join Proxy that locally stores IP addresses during the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1 A stateful Join Proxy that locally stores IP addresses during for the duration of the DTLS connection between Pledge and Registrar.
```
